Two to one? They'll make it.
I'll take that bet.
You may now kiss the bride.
They look happy.
They all do in the beginning.
Don't throw that.
That's good gum.
All right!
I gotta--I gotta get a shot.
It's Lady Luck.
Okay. get in here with me.
- Okay.
- Let's finish up and go home.
Don't have to ask me twice.
Oh. come on.
What are you doing. Stevie?
Can't I have fun too?
I saw you and your sister
fooling around--
Sister-in-law.
I'm married to her brother.
- Hmm.
- Now. if you'll excuse me...
Hey. you interested
in waiting tables downstairs?
I could make that happen
for you. Thony.
Fiona said
you don't allow that.
I mean. not for illegals.
but for you...
No. thanks. I'm fine.
Oh. come on.
Just trying to help out.
You too good for it?
I don't need that kind of help.
Let go of me now.
You think you're so smart?
One phone call.
You won't make that call
because hiring us is illegal.
And turning us in
will only hurt yourself.
Hey. who the hell do you think
you're talking to. huh?
Don't touch me.
I said get off me!
Let go of her!
I--I--
He's not breathing.
Oh. no. no. no!
Oh. my God. What is she doing?
Call 911.
How'd you know how to do that?
She's a doctor.
Let's get out of here.
Are--are you okay?
Yeah.
Is he gonna be okay?
I don't think he'll ever
be okay. but he'll live.
He's like every other jackass.
but you--you were amazing.
I mean. seeing you do that.
you should be saving lives.
not scrubbing toilets.
Ah. but why choose?
I can save lives
while scrubbing toilets.
What's up. Jaz?
Jaz. Jaz. the eagle has landed.
Copy.
Oy. what are you doing
out here. huh?
- It's past 2:00 a.m.
- I couldn't sleep. Mom.
Where's Chris?
He was supposed to be
watching you.
Luca's watching me?
I saw you.
Chris. Chris!
Where are you?
You. Get to bed. Now!
It's karma
from when I was a kid.
They're angels compared to you.
What?
- Chris!
What the hell do you think
you're doing
leaving your sister alone
outside. huh?
She's fine.
Oh. till someone calls
Child Services
and they deport my ass.
and then what?
If you did your homework.
maybe you'd get some sense
into your head.
Whatever.
No--don't "whatever" me!
Good night. Thony.
Good night. Fi.
Luca.
I told you not to wait up
for me.
And no playing video games
this late.
I'm not. It's Daddy.
I told him I was watching Jaz
play ball.
When you gonna come home
to play with your pops. huh?
Marco?
All right. you heard your mom.
Put her on and get to sleep.
okay?
Ball is life.
Ball's life.
Fist bump. Luca.
-
- Okay.
Wow. where have you been?
I've been trying to reach you.
I'm working nights. Marco.
When you should be home.
You've been there a year now
since that donor backed out.
- Eight months.
- So what's changed. huh?
Those clinics
still won't see Luca.
We're on a donor registry.
Marco.
We just have to be patient.
Talk about it later.
Paalam.
Ingat.
Okay. peanut.
Time for blastoff?
Like Neil Armstrong.
And Chino Roque.
Okay. where do you
wanna go first?
Mars--no. Saturn.
- Saturn?
- Yeah.
This one?
Okay.
'Cause it has a ring.
Okay. Now close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
And go to sleep.
And free.
Well. he's got a rare
immune deficiency.
and there are no bone marrow
registries back home.
My son is Cambodian-Filipino.
so it's nearly impossible
to find another match.
Yeah. that's why UCLA
referred us to your clinic.
Yes. that's my number.
Thank you.
Damn it.
What will you do
if they don't call back?
I'll kick down their doors
if I have to.
Elena. Gracias. hey.
Nada for you or you.
You're both fired.
Wait. what?
You can't do that.
I lost my biggest
catering contract
because of that stunt
you pulled.
Yeah. but Thony
saved Stevie's life.
After you nearly killed him.
I told you some of the jobs
can be tricky.
You mean rapey.
Okay. we've worked
three nights with Stevie
since you sent us on that job;
you owe us.
You think you're gonna get paid
for that now?
Yes--unless you want us
to spread the word
that you don't pay.
You're gonna give us
what we're owed
because if we all walk.
you lose more than
one contract.
You know what?
The both of you are trouble.
No more shifts together.
Hey. Thony.
Check it out.
For Shelby's sweet 16.
- Your daughter's gonna love it.
- Theo.
Arman. man of the hour.
Good to see you. my man.
Good to see you too. Theo.
Everything set to go?
Ah. it's gonna happen just like
you want it to happen.
Cool. Let's get a drink.
I'm parched.
Hey. hey. what the hell's
the matter with you. man?
- Come on. show some respect.
- What?
I know your father
didn't raise you
to act like that.
You need to apologize.
It's okay. He didn't see me.
Anyone who can't
see you is blind.
Come on. apologize.
All right.
I'm sorry. okay?
- You all right?
- It's fine.
Let's go grab that drink.
Yeah. okay.
Make some big money.
- All right.
- Yeah. okay.
I said no.
Come on.
You asking me
to throw the fight?
Screw that noise!
Hey. I'm not asking. Diva!
Hell no.
I've worked my ass off
for this. Theo.
Hey. this ain't about you.
Look. I got my family.
My baby girl.
This--this--this is bigger
than all of us.
You make it look good...
And go down hard.
They always think they own us.
Only if we let them.
Hi. sis.
Hey. How was the fight?
If I had bet. I would have won.
May we should get in the ring
because it would be better than this.
That's right.
Manny Pacquiao. step aside
for Lady Luck!
Well. if I'm Lady Luck.
then our luck
better change fast.
Whoa. whoa. hey--
Hey. yo. Theo.
we're not done here!
Hey. I'm gonna handle this.
I'm gonna handle this.
all right?
Thony? Thony. are you--
All right. there was
nothing I could do.
Yo. screw that! You--
I got this. Hey.
we're gonna work
something out. all right?
You gotta keep your cool. man.
All right?
Yeah. no. we're cool.
I swear.
it never happened before.
All right.
What the hell was that?
I was sick of his excuses.
Oy. no. no. no. no.
Just get the hell
out of here. man!
Get out of here. now!
Hola. guapa.
I'm just a cleaning lady.
Let me clean it for you.
If you wait. the blood
will seep in the cement.
It needs to be broken down.
Sodium peroxide is best.
What are you?
Some kind of specialist?
I can help you
make this disappear.
Bleach and boiling water
will do it.
Cold water.
Heat sets the stain.
Just let her do her job.
You might learn something.
He said he'd
feed his boy off this floor.
I take pride in my work
because I have
a family that needs me.
Would you like a drink?
It's late.
My name's Arman if it makes
any difference.
Where are you from?
Cambodia.
I live in the Philippines.
And I'm going back soon.
I don't need any trouble.
I really need to get back
to my family.
All right. let's get you home
before they miss you too much.
See. this is why my mama
loves you more than me.
Though I don't get
why you'd wanna clean
after cleaning all night.
I don't wanna clean.
I just want things to be clean.
Oh. I know
you're slumming it. doc.
Hey. hey. hey.
what's--what's wrong?
You--you do this
when you're spinning out.
- What--what--what's wrong?
- I need your van.
I'm taking Luca
to the clinic today.
Okay. let--let's talk.
Okay. there's a reason
why most TNTs
won't step foot in a hospital.
If you march in there and you
talk to the wrong person.
you're screwed. okay?
We need to stay invisible.
No. I'm done waiting.
Every day puts Luca at risk.
What if something
happens to me?
If anything happened--
simbako palayo...
Okay. I got Luca.
But if--I mean.
if there's something
you wanna talk about now--
I just need your keys.
Just... don't get pulled over.
There you go. baby.
Thony De La Rosa.
I'll be right back. peanut.
Just stay here.
Morning.
So I spoke to Dr. Ramtejat UCLA.
and he sent me your visa
for a bone marrow transplant.
It's expired.
Well. we--the donor backed out.
and we've been waiting
for another match since then.
Did you get your visa extended?
Uh. it's in process.
So that's a no?
I'm afraid we can't help you.
Ma'am. please.
My son needs this gene therapy.
or he won't make it.
Will you really turn away
a five-year-old boy?
What if it was your son?
I'm sorry. but anyone
who can't comply
with all protocols
is ineligible.
Well. if you read again
that paperwork.
you'll see that I'm a doctor
in one of the busiest
medical centers in Manila.
- Of course. we'll comply.
- You're an illegal.
We can't risk
your son being deported
before the 52-week
trial period is over.
Now if you will excuse me.
Institute of Stem
Cell Medicine.
How can I help you?
Yes. what's your name?
Come on. Luca. It's time to go.
No. you said
we'll see the doctor.
- We have to go.
- I don't wanna go.
It's not fair. Mommy.
Luca. I know. okay. baby?
But it's time to go now. okay?
Okay.
That's my good boy.
Take your bag.
Bye.
You tell him I want to see him.
Whatever it is
you want from me...
Stay the hell away from my son.
I haven't said
a word to anyone.
I won't have your men
following me around like this.
You did a good job.
I want you on call.
This is your pay for the
other night and a burner phone.
No. I'm not for sale.
I did what I did to stay alive.
but this not who I am.
Look. we have a doctor on call.
Doctor Saroyan.
I'm not someone
who can be bought.
No. you're clearly a woman
who's used
to commanding respect.
That's what I'm offering you
right now.
Look. you and I. we're both in
a country that's not our own.
We're not afforded
the same privileges
everybody else has.
When it comes to keeping
your son alive.
it's not about doing things
the right way or the wrong way
but any way you can.
I want you to take this
and think on it.
Why?
Why do you want me
to work for you?
Because I like you.
And I don't wanna
have to kill you.
Fi. I've got some new
cleaning solution to try.
Mm-hmm. screw cleaning.
It turns out that guy Brandon
I went out with
is a manager
at the Golden Phoenix.
If I play my cards right.
we'll be slinging cocktails
instead of scrubbing toilets.
Why would he hire anyone
without a work visa
in a place like that?
Well. if things work out
with him.
maybe he'll
let the paper slide.
Slow down. áte.
You're always rushing
with these men.
And I've learned. okay?
So I don't need you judging.
I'm not judging.
Good. 'cause I'm seeing him
at the club tonight
and I said you're coming.
Mm-hmm.
No. I have worked
so many nights.
I can't leave Luca
to just go party.
No. it's job interview.
A real opportunity.
And we won't leave
until after you put Luca to bed
and make sure
Chris watches him this time.
Come on. when's the last time
we ever got dressed up
and went dancing?
Come on. you haven't even seen
the real Vegas.
Hello?
Hi. this is
Dr. Kirschner's office.
I'm calling to schedule
an appointment for Luca.
How's next Thursday at 11:00?
Eh. yes. that's perfect.
Uh. yes. but--but how--
how about the paperwork?
Since you have
a referral from Dr. Saroyan.
the doctor said
that won't be a problem.
Dr. Saroyan. Oh. yes of course.
I'll be sure to thank him.
Great! Have a nice day.
You too. Thank you.
It's the stem cell clinic.
Mm-hmm.
They're gonna see Luca!
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God.
you really are Lady Luck.
Ah! Okay! All right!
Let's do it.
Let's go out and have some fun.
Yeah! Okay. yes!
Wait. wait. what--
what are you gonna wear?
No. never mind. Got it.
No. Got it.
Aw. look at you! Look at us.
I mean. we're just as hot
as those waitresses.
Do you know how much
those girls make in one night?
More than we do in a week.
You can tell by their shoes.
You mean their boots?
And don't worry--if this
works out. we'll get a pair.
- Fiona.
- Brandon!
Hi! There you are.
And this must be...
Thony. my sister
from another mother.
Well. I've heard
all about you. Thony.
Um. so what do you--what do you
think of our VIP deck?
It--it has an amazing view.
Tables up here
start at $1.000 minimum.
Well. it's our
bread and butter.
Bottles range from 600
for a house vodka
to 24 grand
for a six liter of bubbly.
Gratuity added. of course.
Oh. wow.
So how about another drink
and then
we'll have a little chat.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. of course.
- You. uh. fill her in?
- Of course.
- Good.
Okay. let me take these.
and I will be right back.
Thank you.
Fill me in on what?
All right. look.
here's the deal.
Brandon said
he'll let us work here
if we sell a little E
on the side.
- Sell what?
- E--ecstasy.
You mean drugs. Fi. no.
It's not a drug. drug.
It's just. like. a party thing.
That's the only way
Brandon's gonna hire you?
Yeah. but--
Thony. imagine working here.
Come on. for 15 years.
I've jumped
from one crappy job
to the next.
This is my shot
to make real money in a place
that I'm not ashamed of.
So don't blow this for me.
It's Maria--
she's probably calling me
to cover her shift tonight.
Fi. please don't do this.
Jus--just go.
Hello.
- What took you so long?
- I--
Never mind. I'm on my way.
No. no. no. I-I'm not home.
I'm--I'm out.
I'm at the Golden Phoenix.
Okay. I'll meet you down
at the casino then.
I need to get changed.
There's no time.
but you'll be fine.
It's a good color on you.
I wanted to thank you for
calling the clinic for my son.
It was nothing.
So was it a date?
No. it was a girls' night out.
That's good.
Not everything
can be about your son.
Excuse me?
My mother was a housekeeper.
She used to work six.
seven days a week.
You know. there was one thing
I always wanted for her.
Just to see her happy.
I'll bet that's exactly
what your son wants for you.
Come on. Let's go.
Yeah. right now. Go find him.
Hey.
My boss can never find out
any of this
happened here tonight.
or it's my head on the line.
I need this spotless by dawn.
And one more thing--you don't
speak to anybody in here.
You understand that?
Lucy! Time to go home.
Hurry up.
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
A few more bruises
won't kill me.
But if you're really
wanna hurt me.
I can show you a few tricks.
Oh. God. You're beautiful.
I'm Nadia.
The party's over.
So you can go home now.
Would you want me
to call someone for you?
Yeah. my husband's
supposed to come.
I've learned that husbands
can be unreliable.
So--
Okay. okay.
let me get you some water.
Oh. that's so sweet.
but I'm just gonna
lie here another minute.
You're filthy.
I prefer the term nasty.
I see you've met my wife. hmm?
You party pooper.
I like her.
Give her everything.
What did I say?
I told you not to speak
to anybody here.
And now you're telling me
who I can and cannot talk to?
I can see
why you two get along.
Good job.
God. do you ever stop cleaning?
You're actually gonna
sell drugs for that guy?
It's--it's the only way
he'll overlook the paperwork
at the club.
and maybe the only way
we're ever gonna get out
of this rut.
You have no idea
who this guy is.
I'm not an idiot. okay?
Then how can you do this?
You're lecturing me about going
to the clinic for Luca
but this is okay?
This will get your ass
deported or worse. Fi!
What happens when the kids come
home and suddenly you're gone?
Fi. if you need money--
No. I don't need your charity.
If you think you're
so much smarter than me.
then get the hell out
of my house.
Hey. cash is ready.
Card's in the ambulance.
Vamanos!
We'll meet the boss down.
What's going on?
The cops found Theo's body.
They haven't identified
him yet.
but they're gonna turn up here
soon enough.
What will happen to his family?
If he was smart. he
would have taken care of that.
But people aren't always
who you want them to be.
Come on.
You need to keep track
of all the trash.
Wipe everything clean.
Mateo will come back for you.
Got it?
Come on. we're meeting
with Hayak now.
He wants to pick up for us.
All right. move all the bags
to the van.
- Go on.
- You got everything out?
All the cash. the hard drives.
the card skimmers.
it's all out.
Thanks for taking care of this.
This should have
never happened.
If Theo did what he was paid
to do. none of it
- would have happened.
- Son. please.
Not now.
You're running out of time.
The police have ID'd
Theo's body.
I'm having the place
wiped down as we speak.
None of it's gonna be
traced back to us.
Nothing will because
I'm taking care of it now.
Tarik.
Hey. I-I still have
a cleaner inside.
You mean the cleaner
who should already be dead?
Oh. my God.
Damn it. damn it.
Damn it.
Come on! Come on!
Are you okay?
Don't move.
Call Dr. Saroyan now.
No. there--
- No. there's no time.
The shrapnel cut deep.
I need to cauterize it.
- No.
- Put him down now!
Do you trust me?
Yeah.
I need a knife and a lighter--
and get me some alcohol.
Hold his thigh. Tight.
Okay. we got it. Let's go.
Where did you learn
how to do that?
Are you really some kind
of doctor or something?
It's a good thing I trust you.
Then why the hell did you
leave me to die?
I came back for you when I
found out they were gonna--
That's not enough!
I agreed to clean.
not to be treated like garbage.
You want me to work for you?
Protect me.
Give me the respect I deserve.
And if anything happens to me.
swear my son will be protected.
I give you my word.
I'm sorry about your dad.
It's Shelby?
Right.
I worked for him.
Then you know
he was a screw-up.
I know we--
we all make mistakes.
But your daddy. he--
he never stopped talking
about his baby girl.
He was really proud of you.
Um. I found this in his office.
Thank you.
How was the funeral?
It was. uh. it was sad.
That's not what
I wanna talk about.
I'm not gonna sell drugs. okay?
Let's not--let's not
talk about it.
Well. I-I shouldn't
have judged you.
I know how hard it's been.
and what should have been
just a few weeks has turned
into us taking over your home.
So we'll find another place.
S--stop.
You're not going
anywhere. okay?
I just--I'm not
losing my beshie just--
just when I got you back. huh?
Thank you. áte.
Morning. Luca.
I've got a surprise for you.
Wanna see it?
Yeah.
Now come on. let's go.
Okay. follow Mommy.
Yes. Okay. that's right.
Okay. stop here.
Okay. come here.
come here. come here.
Now. open them.
Surprise!
Mommy am I--am I dreaming?
Ah. no.
Mommy made a bigger shell
just for you.
Mahal kita. Mommy.
Mak srolanh kon. Luca.
Come on. let's go!
That's her.